Fix/missing links and typos (#67)
infinum/accessibility-mobile-standards: docs/guidelines/platforms/android/guideline_percievable_android.md

In forms, every input field should indicate a purpose of the input for ease of use. With this guideline, the autocomplete feature should be added to the input fields, but the mobile platforms does not support that out-of-the box. However there are some mechanichsm. 

> This guideline with provided techniques covers the *1.3.5 Identify Input Purpose - Level AA of the WCAG standard.*

#### ✅ Success technique(s)

##### Autocompletion | Autosuggestions

To support autocompletion you implement it manually for specific input fields that are sensitive for users. In the traditional view system you can achieve this by using the [AutoCompleteTextView](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/widget/AutoCompleteTextView) and it's attribute `android:completionThreshold`. 
In compose you can also achieve this by utilising the [DropDownMenu](https://developer.android.com/reference/kotlin/androidx/compose/material/package-summary#DropdownMenu(kotlin.Boolean,kotlin.Function0,androidx.compose.ui.Modifier,androidx.compose.ui.unit.DpOffset,androidx.compose.foundation.ScrollState,androidx.compose.ui.window.PopupProperties,kotlin.Function1)) in combinaiton with a `TextField`. 

> Do not forget that Andorid OS has a built in autosuggestion featuer for all input fields. Try to have it enabled in cases where it makes sense from the accessibility perspective and disable it when not needed. It should be enabled by default, in case you want to disable it you can do it by using the attribute `android:inputType="textNoSuggestions"` for views or `keyboardOptions = KeyboardOptions(autoCorrect = false)` in Compose

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not forget that **Android** OS has a built in autosuggestion **feature** ...
```
